hi youtube this is candy in today's
video will be my contest video i hope i
uploaded a video earlier and I made a
mistake i deleted it so i'm doing this
over really quickly hi guys hey i'm
doing i'm so glad you guys enjoyed the
last contest so let's get started with
this one because we don't have that much
time um the name of this contest is the
interpretation of spring and the
interpretation of spring contests will
consist of these rules rule number one
you must be a subscriber to my page and
the reason that i would like you to be a
subscriber to my page is because it's my
way of giving back to my subscribers and
rule number two there's only one look
that can be submitted to this particular
contest if you need to download your
pictures and do a video in your tutorial
that's fine that's considered as one
look I don't mind that but only one look
this accepted the video must be into
tort your entry must be a tutorial
format whether it be slideshow or a
video but it has to be you can't explain
the look you have to be able to show the
girls how you created the look because
that's the purpose of the contest and
the purpose of the looks is to show
everybody how you did it okay and number
three the look can be any way you want
it to be as long as you just bring
spring into your look that's the name of
the contest your interpretation of
spring you can take your pictures
outside inside you can incorporate props
if you like be real creative because
that's going to be the key of you being
choked you've been chosen to win ok now
the twist to the contest yes there is a
twist the twist of the contest is I
won't be the judge and neither will my
twin sister Candace she will not be the
judge either you're the judge you're the
judge of this contest and how are you
going
do that well this is how we're going to
do it each person that enters the
contest will pick one of the other girls
that they think that should be the
winner will tally up the votes and that
girl would be the winner of the first
contest the next one we will do in
categories which I will choose they will
be category for most beautiful picture
category for the most creative look in a
category for the best beginners look and
this is how that's going to work the
second it's not a second prize their
category prices so that the most
beautiful look will be chosen by me and
I would decide on what other girl that I
think may beYOU ttle pictures in a
beautiful look number four I'm number
three the creative look is the most
creative of all the pictures if you
wanted to do the artwork on your face if
you wanted to incorporate on anything
crazy something creative that's going to
be a whole category within itself and
number four will be the best beginners
look and this is my way of giving to the
beginner girls beginner girl so they
won't have to be up against all the
veterans so I thought that would be fair
so the first prize to the girl that you
guys pick this is what she'll receive
and this is a train case and she'll
receive this whip keys this so cute we
got pink on it two guys and has pink and
then if you can open it up and it has
the two shelves on the side here and it
has a lock on it too so this will be the
first prize for the girls that you pick
for the most beautiful look of the one
that I'm going to pick that girl will
receive this prize here and this is a
Revlon blow dryer I felt that even
though these are makeup contest but we
do more than just put on makeup to do
these to be beautiful so we also like to
dryer
here and we like to wear shoes and we
like to put on now so I thought that not
just make up islands but other items
that make us beautiful is well right
remember we're keeping it beautiful so
this and it's purple and silver is
gorgeous by Rob lon so that will be that
will go to the most beautiful picture
and for the most creative look this gold
watch here see that watch he said there
you go that will be um the most creative
look she will get this gold watch and
that would be her prize for that
particular care category and for the
best beginners love she will also
receive a train case for herself as well
ok so you guys thank you so much for
watching I apologize for the video i
hope you guys have fun please upload
your entries on to this particular video
and remember on the thirty-first of the
end of the 31st of this month the 30th
in the 31st rather of this month you
have to go to this video and comment and
vote on the girl you think should win
this particular contest thank you guys
so very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the interpretation of spring
thanks guys bye
you